Update abstract and add list of what the doc will do (#10)
martinthomson/no-expiry: draft-thomson-gendispatch-no-expiry.md

include informative references to drafts, which then usually expire.
Many IANA registries refer to expired drafts.

This document does the following:

- Updates {{!STD-PROCESS=RFC2026}} to eliminate the removal of an Internet-Draft
when the latest version is unchanged for more than six months.

> - Updates {{!WG=RFC2418}} to eliminate the inclusion of an exiration date in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updates {{!WG=RFC2418}} to eliminate the inclusion of an expiration date in
```

Internet-Drafts.

- Updates the boilerplate text for Internet-Drafts to no longer include the
"Expires:" field.

> - Introduces Internet-Drafts being labeled "active" and "inactive" in the
> IETF tooling. without specifying how that tooling will do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduces a status for Internet-Drafts which can be set to either "active" or "inactive" in
tooling without specifying how this is implemented.
```

N and session N+1, but were updated between session N-1 and session N.

# Active and Inactive Status for Internet-Drafts

The tooling maintained by the IETF (such as the Datatracker) can mark the latest
version of a draft as "active" or "inactive".
When a new version of a draft is published, it is immediately marked as "active",
and all earlier versions of that draft are marked as "inactive".

> Other reasons that a draft might be marked "active" or "inactive" are open, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other reasons that a draft might be marked "active" or "inactive" are open,
```

but will be informed by the IETF community.
Suggestions have already been made
for automatically marking drafts as "inactive" after a certain period of time,
for allowing working group chairs to control the marking for working group drafts,

> and for authors being able to change the status of their draft, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and for authors being able to change the status of their draft,
```

N and session N+1, but were updated between session N-1 and session N.

# Active and Inactive Status for Internet-Drafts

The tooling maintained by the IETF (such as the Datatracker) can mark the latest
version of a draft as "active" or "inactive".
When a new version of a draft is published, it is immediately marked as "active",
and all earlier versions of that draft are marked as "inactive".

> The mechanism that the IETF tooling will use to make and display such markings
> is outside the scope of this document.
> The tooling changes for marking drafts "active" or "inactive" will be informed
> by the IETF community.

Reviewer: I don't think that we need to focus on tooling changes, but instead say

```suggestion
Other reasons that a draft might be marked "active" or "inactive" are open, 
but will be informed by the IETF community.
```

Suggestions have already been made
for automatically marking drafts as "inactive" after a certain period of time,
for allowing working group chairs to control the marking for working group drafts,

> and for authors being able to change the status of a draft from "inactive" to "active"
> when they are ready to work on a draft again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and for authors being able to change the status of their draft, 
either to mark a draft that has been overcome by events as "inactive"
or mark a draft as "active" when there is renewed interest.
```

# Referencing Internet-Drafts

Documents referencing Internet-Drafts should always include the two-digit version number of the draft.

> It is possible to reference the latest version of a draft by excluding the two-digit version number,
> but this can lead readers of the reference to not know which version of the draft is being referenced.

Reviewer: On consideration, I wouldn't even mention this part.

```suggestion
```

Yes, datatracker has this capability and we do so informally, but I think that it is enough to say the positive without explaining the negative.
